feat(content): New Gegno planets & map tweaks (#11749)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/map planets.txt

	bribe 0
	security 0

> planet "Byigii"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
planet Byigii
```

	attributes gegno uninhabited
	landscape land/haze1

> 	description `Although there is no evidence of a civilization on this barren, dry planet, there are many signs of haphazard mining and excavation by the Gegno, presumably for resources to construct the large station that orbits above. Among the several dig sites across the surface are also mountainous piles of scrap metals, junk and other trash heaps, quite literally forming wastelands.`

Reviewer 2: Oxford's comma.
```suggestion
	description `Although there is no evidence of a civilization on this barren, dry planet, there are many signs of haphazard mining and excavation by the Gegno, presumably for resources to construct the large station that orbits above. Among the several dig sites across the surface are also mountainous piles of scrap metals, junk, and other trash heaps, quite literally forming wastelands.`
```

	government Uninhabited

planet "Ef Aourtdye"
	attributes gegno mining factory
	landscape land/desert18
	description `Ef Aourtdye is primarily a factory world where a large portion of mined materials are refined, processed, and re-distributed across parts of Gegno space. Large factory and refinery structures can be seen engraved into the mountainous surfaces of the planet, with some cities found in less crowded valleys. Once home to a much larger population, a major portion of the cities are now desolate as efforts have been pushed to either more distant planets, or pulled back to the ever-growing homeworld of the Gegno.`
	description `	A majority of the mining, cargo, and refinery vessel shipyards in Gegno space are also found here, newly constructed out of the freshly processed materials and quickly prepared to be put into service.`

> 	spaceport `The Gegno here are much too busy to pay any attention to you as this spaceport is part of a larger refinery site. The largest Gegno heave around big metallic containers of either processed materials or various structural parts, while the Gegno closer to your own height are working with machinery. At the far end of the spaceport you can see rugged vehicles of varying sizes leaving or entering the site along paths that branch out to several more factories in the distance.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The Gegno here are much too busy to pay any attention to you, as this spaceport is part of a larger refinery site. The largest Gegno heave around big metallic containers of either processed materials or various structural parts, while the Gegno closer to your own height are working with machinery. At the far end of the spaceport you can see rugged vehicles of varying sizes leaving or entering the site along paths that branch out to several more factories in the distance.`
```

	description `Ghneoe's orbital period is dominated by a very long dry season due to the binary stars at the system's center. However, during a short portion of the year, Ghneoe experiences an intense water cycle that results in a boom of greenery and wildlife activity, developing a short-lived but flourishing ecosystem. Much of the flora and fauna have adapted to such drastic shifts in climate, and return to a dormant state once the intense heat cycle returns.`
	description `	Unlike its moon, Ghneoe has yet to see any sort of colonization efforts by the nearby Gegno Scin, perhaps due to the abnormal weather cycles, system warfare, or a combination of both.`

planet "Gi Tiures"
	attributes gegno
	landscape land/mountain9

> 	description "The closeness of this planet to its parent star means that most daytime hours are characterized by intense heat and almost blindingly bright sunlight, even for the Gegno. Despite this, a significant axis tilt results in much longer nights than daytime hours where heat levels are acceptable, and it is these periods that are considered the populace's active hours."

Reviewer: The sentences in this paragraph seem a little run-on. Could they be split up?
```suggestion
	description "Because of the closeness of this planet to its parent star, most daytime hours are characterized by intense heat and almost blindingly bright sunlight. However, a significant axis tilt results in much longer nights than days. During these nights, heat levels are acceptable, and it is these periods that are considered the populace's active hours."
```
I imagine something similar to this, although I'm not sure that the exact edits here are an improvement.

	description "	The Gegno of this planet live in a singular, expansive village cluster. At the core of it are three tall spires that appear as though they were once one, separated into thirds and pushed apart into a triangle formation."

> 	spaceport "Though the Gegno living here and their civilization share a similar lack of progressiveness, their culture on this planet has noticeable differences than those at their core worlds. Many wear lengthy clothing, and often travel in tightly-packed groups. Others keep to themselves in a comparatively eerie silence."

Reviewer 2: > lack of progressiveness

What?

> 	spaceport "Though the Gegno living here and their civilization share a similar lack of progressiveness, their culture has noticeable differences than those at their core worlds. Many wear lengthy clothing, and often travel in tightly-packed groups. Others mind to themselves in a comparatively eerie silence."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport "Though the Gegno living here and their civilization share a similar lack of progressiveness, their culture on this planet has noticeable differences than those at their core worlds. Many wear lengthy clothing, and often travel in tightly-packed groups. Others keep to themselves in a comparatively eerie silence."
```
